doc/todos.md, before:

We are tracking this project in our Notion workspace, where the high-level
planning and todos are. This list serves as a scratchpad for more weedy
technical details, not in any priority order.

- create a couple example secrets the appserver might need and get them
  available to nodejs
- how can react build use per-environment vars?
- try using this possibly simpler approach for getting access to prod db shell.
  https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/connect/ssh-using-bastion-host
  otherwise, bring over the db proxy stuff from graceland.
- VPCs cant be deleted once we've provisioned cloud run stuff in them. i think
  we need a separate project to define the VPC and network resources, otherwise
  we will run out of vpcs in the projects due to dangling ones.
- switch to workload identity federation for auth in the github action, more
  secure and controllable than long-lived service account credentials
- reduce privileges of service account to minimum needed
- deployment locking per-environment
- have pull-based deployments instead of pushes, involving review and ideally a
  terraform plan to look at
- setup a way to run terraform locally when needed since sometimes you have to
  hand-hold it (like when importing resources, or deleting resources from state
  that were removed externally already.)
- could reduce the initial setup effort by scriping the gcloud CLI
- for apps with custom dns we may need a separate project w/ remote refs to
  handle per-app subdomains on a shared prototyping domain.
- ssl certs on the lb create an outage when you change them, switch to
  a smoother certificate verification approach.
- docker repo old image cleanup

Commit message:

disable nextjs telemetry by default

doc/todos.md, after:

We are tracking this project in our Notion workspace, where the high-level
planning and todos are. This list serves as a scratchpad for more weedy
technical details, not in any priority order.

- use pm2 in prod (lost this when i added nextjs)
- create a couple example secrets the appserver might need and get them
  available to nodejs
- how can react build use per-environment vars?
- try using this possibly simpler approach for getting access to prod db shell.
  https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/connect/ssh-using-bastion-host
  otherwise, bring over the db proxy stuff from graceland.
- VPCs cant be deleted once we've provisioned cloud run stuff in them. i think
  we need a separate project to define the VPC and network resources, otherwise
  we will run out of vpcs in the projects due to dangling ones.
- switch to workload identity federation for auth in the github action, more
  secure and controllable than long-lived service account credentials
- reduce privileges of service account to minimum needed
- deployment locking per-environment
- have pull-based deployments instead of pushes, involving review and ideally a
  terraform plan to look at
- setup a way to run terraform locally when needed since sometimes you have to
  hand-hold it (like when importing resources, or deleting resources from state
  that were removed externally already.)
- could reduce the initial setup effort by scriping the gcloud CLI
- for apps with custom dns we may need a separate project w/ remote refs to
  handle per-app subdomains on a shared prototyping domain.
- ssl certs on the lb create an outage when you change them, switch to
  a smoother certificate verification approach.
- docker repo old image cleanup
